FLCut, just as the name suggests, is a website created to cut short website links and generate a new link which redirects to the same website. Basically, it helps make your work easier.
Link - https://flcut-url-shortener.vercel.app/

The languages used in it's development are - HTML, CSS, Javascript and is deployed using Vercel
Since, I don't have an idea of Express Js or any other languages yet to integrate PostgreSQL or MySQL to this, I have tried using a little different tactic, ie, through localStorage.
LocalStorage does not replace any of SQL Databases in any way. It's just another addition to make it easier for the user to keep a track of the links they have generated. 

Since, I haven't added any of the Hard Questions to my website, I want to explain s to how I would go forward if I knew those languages.

#1. Custom aliases & collisions - I understand that two slugs and two aliases(with the same slug) as the server would not be able to redirect properly, thus leading to collisions. Also, keeping a few words away from aliases is important to ensure low probablity of collisions - within links as well as with the servers or models created.
   To make it unique, I would first try to understand two things - who are the main users? At what level is this website       mainly going to be used?
	Considering that this website is for our FLC Club where users will mainly be students, I would prefer going with sequential codes. It's because of the fact that they are determinable - which makes it easier for users (students) to remember while also serving the purpose of keeping the url short. Incase, they acccidentally enter a code similar to the sequential code of a website, they will end up most probably in a website related to college. I think that is also a small way for marketing of whatever club or activity the website is about. The tradeoff here would be the loss of security which wouldn't really matter considering its just the college clubs (that too only and only if used for nothing confidential is added). Advantage would be the ease of access.
   If this website would be for a higher level (something related to bussiness) or that is to be scaled at a commercial level, I would keep the random codes. I chose it mainly for it's security and also considering the fact that the collisions (the small amount that is possible) can be stopped with integrating databases. I also understand that on a global level it's difficult to hold such huge information in databases and would take a lot of time to recheck with every code. So, I can think of two options - once a random code is generated, there should be a way to ban it out of the system and not allow the same code to be generated (something like Permutation and Combination). The second option is to be rich to be able to afford Servers.

#2. Scheduled & Expiring Links - To make sure that the website is enabled and disabled at the specific timings, it is important to keep a track of timestamps as well. As of what I have understood, this checking mostly happens on the server-side. If needs to be closed after a certain applicants apply, it is important to make sure a single person is able to apply only once so that it can avoid later chaos of not having enough participants just because some person applied twice to make sure their spot was secured. It can be done either by using their login ids (disadvantage is that users can have multiple login IDs just like multiple email IDs) or by using IP Addresses. IP Address is a better way as tracking it becomes easier. This decision is also dependent on what kind of website it is - If it's something like exam related, then User Logins should be used as not all students have access to devices. If Tatkal booking from homes, then IP Address is a better way to track as those bookings fill in so fast.

#3. Smart Ananlytics - I have a comparison that may not be applicable but as an example, I find total clicks the same as Gross Revenue - something that is very high but actual value, ie, Net Revenue is different( much lower). Since, the decisions for a business should be taken based on Net Revenue which would decide where you stand, similarly for a website, tis work is done by Unique clicks. I can think of 3 aspects that should be deciding what unique clicks should mean for their website - Who are the users? What level of scalalbility is to reach? What kind of product/service is offered? 
	I believe Adaptability is a very important skill. Similarly, for a website like FLC where the audience is students and service is basically opportunities and events, analytics can be of college ID logins and frequency of logins - individually according to IDs and the number of logins when a certain event is released (gives an idea of demand for the particular event). So, here the unique clicks will be College IDs and frequency. But while analysing the frequencies, it is important to make sure to keep bots away through Captcha. It can be differentiated when the frequency of clicks is way more than what it would otherwise be. 
	For a website like FlipKart or any such website, unique clicks can be dependent on location, IP addresses or user logins or both. It's because location tells you how and where you are scaling well and also tells you to concentrate on which location to improve sales. IP Addresses and User logins don't really make much of a difference because the same user could be logged in on different devices for ease of access and could also create new user IDs for the sake of newcomer discounts. They could also track the apps or websites (like Insta, Facebook, etc) that are creating more traffic - Helps in improving marketing strategies.
	For a website like Portfolio, location can be analysed to know place of the hiring person/ colleagues, etc so that we can be prepared with our decision of going ahead with the role or not if they reach out. Frequency of visits can also be tracked when certain changes are made in the website to know what are hiring individuals actuall looking for and alter the website accordingly.
Analytics should be stored even when a link expires. It's this information that can be used to learn about the cutomers/ users more- The better you understand the users, the better is the sales.

With a time constraint of 4 hours, I would have just built a model that does the primary job of converting long URLs to short ones. Assuming it's a website that would go completely public, irrespective of place or number of people - I would build it with either hash or random codes. If it's hash codes - I would warn to not cut short them again. That would give the risk of people trying and website not being able to redirect properly. If it's random codes, I would have to add as many blocks for bots as I can - Comparatively takes up more time. Considering the time constraint and both situations, I would go with hash codes - mainly because I feel there would be few people who would try to shorten a short link again - so reduces collision risks.
I would try to keep the functionality simple where it would just track the IP Addresses and User logins. This decision is taken considering time constraint. The tradeoff I would have to make is with the specifics and also not being able to very highly differentiate between unique clicks. This would mean a vague idea of the traffic on the website but no information that helps in learning about the audience.
I made a lot of assumptions - The speed of the person creating the website, analytics that would apply to most websites according to me is IP Address and User Logins - but again it's dependent on the type of website, the main goal of url shortener would be to acquire as much audience as it can - so keeping it low in efficiency would be better than making it inaccessible - which can or cannot be true, the types of websites assumed is not enough as the field is very large and there are many other analytics that apply best to different websites.


